# May 2021 Progres Entries
## 5/4/21
### Attendance: &#9745; Brody, &#9745; Derek, &#9744; Dylan, &#9745; Ian, &#9745; Jack

#### Goals for Today:
- Create a home row LRT auton

#### New LRT Auton:
After our second LRT on May 1st, we realized how important having an autonomous that can get the home row is. If a team does not get the home row bonus win point every match, they will almost certainly not get picked for the elim bracket. To help our chances we are swapping from our middle goal auton to a home row auton. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/do2Uap6Qg_Q" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## 5/11/21
### Attendance: &#9745; Brody, &#9745; Derek, &#9744; Dylan, &#9745; Ian, &#9745; Jack

#### Goals for Today:
- Driver Practice!

#### Driver Practice:
- Spent half of the practice working on fundamentals.
- Spent second half practicing diagonal strategy and the close strategy.
After practicing the fundamentals for a while, Derek began running the diagonal strategy. After practicing the strategy, Derek was able to finish the strategy and score 5 balls in the middle goal with 5 seconds left. We specifically want to practice the diagonal strategy because it is better than most other strategies.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4Ih93O_nVA4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## 5/18/21
### Attendance: &#9745; Brody, &#9745; Derek, &#9744; Dylan, &#9745; Ian, &#9745; Jack

#### Goals For Today:
- Driver Practice!
> Be able to consistently complete the Diagonal strat!

#### Driver Practice:
Today Derek focused mainly on the diagonal strategy since it is one of the best strategies. The maximum points we could score in the diagonal strategy is 74 assuming we quadruple the middle goal. Currently Derek is able to score 69 points consistently with only 5 (1) point balls not being scored. The majority of our points are in the diagonal with the two corner goal having 8 points total and the middle having 10 points total (before doubling/quadrupling). 


## 5/25/21
### Attendance: &#9745; Brody, &#9745; Derek, &#9744; Dylan, &#9745; Ian, &#9745; Jack

### VEX WORLDS 2021
- Research A Divison AM
- Went 6-1-0 
- 16 WP, 30 AP, 731 SP
- 2nd place 
- Paired with 2616J (5th seed)
- Lost in Quarterfinals

Although we did not make it far in the elimination bracket, we are very happy with our performance at Worlds this year. We prioritized running the strategies we found to be most effective instead of following our alliance partner which proved to work well. The match we lost was because our teammate was not able to compete at Worlds at all. The most important scoring objective in LRT though was the auton win point. Without the extra win point, you lose the ability to place well in qualifiers. Since we focused on having multiple home row autons so we can adjust to maximize the chance of getting the home row with our teammate, we were able to get all but 3 of the extra win points which allowed us to place so well in our division.

### 3859W & 9447H Joint Reveal Video
- Instead of making a reveal video by ourselves, Derek worked with Braden and Sam from 3859W, and Lucas from 1115D to make a reveal video that showcased both 3859W's robot and ours. Derek and Braden both filmed it, but Braden edited the entire video.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sLBJ6-ALIyY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Today's Agenda
- 124pt Skills auton
- Driver Skills practice

#### 124pt Skills auton
- First 4 goals are completed, but we still have 5 more goals to go to. We are keeping the same routine from before to help with the short time frame we have to rebuild the auton. The bulk of the auton work is getting the robot to move around the field consistently since our `Intake::goalSort();` function works very well. 

#### Driver Skills
- We are also continuing with the original driver routine since we do not have enough time to learn a new routine. We are prioritizing the autonomous first currently since it needs the most attention and then once the auton is fully mapped we will swap the priorities to focus mainly on the Driver skills while spending the off time making minute consistency changes to the auton. 
