# June 2021 Progres Entries
## 6/1/21
### Attendance: &#9744; Brody, &#9745; Derek, &#9744; Dylan, &#9744; Ian, &#9745; Jack

#### Goals Today:
- Driver Practice
- Skills auton


#### Driver Practice:
Derek made a lot of progress today and in his 10 runs, managed to score 118 and above. These scores are the highest Derek has gotten before in Driver skills so we are very excited and believe we will be able to achieve a 126 driver by the showcase.

#### Auton Practice:
We continued working on the skills auton picking up from where we left off. We completed the 4th goal and began working on the 5th goal. Instead of working on adding more goals to the routine we focused more on making the first 4 goals accurate. Now we will at least have a 75 point auton which is a good start since it above half of the maximum points possible

## Showcase Event
### Goals
- Win Excellence
> Since the excellence award will qualify a team for Tipping Point Worlds in 2022, we will try our best to win the award to be qualified for next year's season.

#### Preparations for Skills
We are going for a 126 Driver Skills run and as close to a 124 Autonomous run as we can achieve. We believe that anything 100 points or more in addition to a perfect drivers run will place us in the top 10 for skills.
> For the perfect driver run, Derek has been practicing it since worlds and is are very close to getting the perfect run.

> For the autonomous run, we need to continue finishing the routine but we will be able to get it finished by the showcase

#### Preparations for Qualifications
Derek's driver practice in the LRT tournaments including Worlds have helped him immensely improve his driving skill and in addition to our home row autonomous we believe that we can do quite well in qualifications.
